
I want to make a program that takes in a list of sold items
(doesn't have to be sold items but it would help)
to buy at a physical store
And then using that list orders it in the order
you would purchase those items according to the
physical layout of the store.
Feature: It can either let or not let know whether something
    is sold or not

How it might be done
 - Web scrape supermarkets online pages for items that they sell
    also get their prices, (feature track prices over time)
 - Find out how items are grouped in a store, 
    e.g: milk and cheese may be in aisle 8 for Dairy produce.
 - See how the layout of a store is set, and make a way to 
    use that, for odering groups of items
 - find any (or optimal) path for picking up these items
 - return that as a list
 - let the user see that list

----------------
Store layout finding out
----------------

Googled what do Sainsburys use to design their layout
according to the AI answer
they use JDA space optimisation software.
"Sainsbury's uses JDA space optimization software to map out their store layouts. This software helps them optimize product placement to maximize sales and improve the customer experience. They also have standard layout plans for various elements within their stores, as documented in the Sainsbury Archive. "
Ok so it might be easier to design the store layout map thing
for a particular part of the store first, and then link them
all together.
"The grocery giant is adopting similar software currently in use at such rivals as Asda, Tesco and the Co-operative Group."
 - https://www.retail-systems.com/rs/Sainsburys_JDA.php
So if I can work with that software then I should be able to
make these lists.

JDA (now Blue Yonder) offers a space optimization solution, JDA Space Planning, which helps businesses optimize product placement and shelf space allocation. This tool is used for creating planograms and is part of a broader supply chain and retail planning suite. 
 - Google AI

I've now gone on the blue yonder website and its the case that
Idk how their software works and so far I've found some 
pdf files that say how great blue yonder can be for your
business via helping them improve employee retention
and stuff like that.

So maybe the way to go is to find out how items are grouped
via their websites, or in person at least initially.
As once the system gets going it would be in each stores,
interest to do it/ provide the information themselves.
(This may not be true, it may not be in their interest)
if it isn't how can it make it in their interest?

OK lets do some learning how to scrape item and price
data from Sainsburys.

So I'm going to over the chapter of atbsip
which covers web scraping 
keeping in mind that I should stay focussed and not get
distracted by things that take me away from the code I am 
trying to make.






